---
layout: post
title: "Our DSB Solution"
description: "My Kaggle experience"
comments: true
---

This page will show my solution for the DSB 2017 Challenge. I will do better after chanllenge.

I update it on Oct
This Challenge has past almost one month and finally [the golden](https://github.com/lfz/DSB2017) and [silver team](https://www.kaggle.com/c/data-science-bowl-2017/discussion/32544) released their solutions four days ago. Very grateful for their efforts and I will try to reproduce their results and understand their work in this post. 

<br /> I have conducted many work on histopathological images for lung cancer patients' survival prediction. Those are people who have been confirmed to be cancerous. As the same topic, this challenge is very attractive to me and I am very eager to learn things from other very smart people.

####  Background

Lung cancer is one of the most common types of cancer, with nearly 225,000 new cases of the disease expected in the U.S. in 2016. Early detection of lung cancer is very critical and Low-dose computed tomography (CT) is a potential breakthrough technology for early detection, with the ability to reduce deaths by 20%. Often, suspicious lesions identified in screening are initially assessed as high risk of cancer, but after additional follow-up tests, they turn out to be non-cancerous (false positives from the initial screening).

<br />
*Can machine learning reduce the number of radiology exams flagged for potentially unnecessary follow up and avoid patient anxiety ?*


